What was there about private shine that would lead a rational person to think, sir, that a little tidbit could move around such powerful forces as general?
I think that you're talking in circles here, Mr. St. Claude.
Well, maybe you're talking in circles.
Maybe I'm trying to...
Well, what I'm trying to say here is that general...
The general lawton situation was something aside from shine.
Mr. Adams was trying to tie the general lawton situation in with the shine thing.
That's what I say.
That's what I say, yes.
That's right. I'm suggesting to you it's a rather ludicrous suggestion, isn't it?
That's...
That's it. It probably is.
And it's even more ludicrous to operate, get that to a private in exchange for calling off the work of this subcommittee, isn't it, Mr. Car?
It didn't work, I guess, maybe it's ludicrous.
I didn't make the suggestion, sir.
No, but you're testifying, too, it aren't.
I'm testifying to what happened, what I heard, and what I know, sir.
And here you are testifying as a reasonably intelligent man making two absolutely ludicrous suggestions.
I think that, uh, John Adams is a reasonably intelligent man.
I think on occasion C has made ludicrous suggestions.
Isn't it true, sir, there's something about private shine.
That doesn't make these suggestions as you put them, so ludicrous.
You know, what were that people?
Well, a little faith in front of private shine, and I'm using your words, and I don't mean to suggest that I agree with them.
In fact, had enough power to cause these things to happen, did it not?
Uh, it didn't happen, maybe, Mr. Adams thought that, uh, in what I don't know.
Well, what would there be about private shine that would lead this reason, we intelligent man, to think?
That a little tidbit tangled in front of him would cause the work of a subcommittee to cease,
because the general would be broke.
Uh, I don't, I can't say what Mr. Adams was, I think Mr. Adams was trying.
He, he tried many times, many, many ways.
He was trying.
He's rather a feeble effort, sir, aren't they, Mr. Kern?
No, they were feeble, uh, he didn't succeed.
No, they didn't succeed.
Did you have any questions?
Cheryl, pass, any questions?
Am I right?
Questions to my left?
Mr. Cohen, I'm the president.
Why should I?
The important question, regardless of what Mr. Adams was, we were just even very well-behaved.
The course of the hearings weren't affected one hour or a, for anything, uh, they didn't,
they didn't, they didn't, they didn't, they didn't, they didn't, they didn't utilizing the law,
the law's correction, you were the first.
Mr. Clare, I want to ask a question.
Do you have another question?
And by the same token, the private child received no special treatment from the army.
Uh, I think the general Iran is specified that he hadn't there, okay.
So that if Mr. Adams is correct that this committee through its chief counsel and other
sought to get preferential treatment, this committee didn't get it.
All that occasion, do you not?
December 17th, yes.
There were hearings that morning in New York, whether or not Mr. Clare.
Yes sir.
You attended them?
Did you have a discussion with Senator McCarthy?
Either before, during or immediately after those hearings about private child?
Um, no sir.
It has named come up at all.
Either before, during or immediately after the hearing.
No sir.
Now you testified that you and Mr. Cohn met with the Senator and Mr. Adams at Gasmen's
Red Cron after the hearing to move.
That's correct.
You testified as I remember that Mr. Adams and the Senator were already there.
Can you tell me about what time of day it was?
Who?
It would be rough, but the hearing's where in the morning they started 10-30.
Probably somewhere between 12 and 1, maybe 130, months of time.
Now when you sat down, you said I think that there was some general conversation and then
the Senator said in the fact that Mr. Adams had brought up the subject of general law.
You would call that?
Uh, yes sir.
I don't mean that it's mistreated, have I fairly stated your testimony?
Yes I think that's correct.
Was this general conversation of long duration or just how do you do that?
I don't recall specifically, I know that there was general conversation before this came up.
Yes.
Well did this come up rather quickly in the conversation?
I don't think it came up too quickly if it may have.
I'll recall, I know, uh, uh, we ordered lunch here as they would talk about what we were
under each other's general conversation.
I see.
Well the first serious subject then discussed was that it's been a lot, is that correct?
I think that's correct.
And would you say that the Senator made his observations all both after he'd ordered?
Is it blunt?
No, I can't tell you the way.
Well as a matter of fact there were some other people present weren't there?
Yes, there were other people present for a serious time.
And did this conversation take place at any time while they were there?
Now which conversation, the general conversation?
Well I thought so, that was the only conversation.
I'll know.
It'll all back.
It'll take it all back.
My fault.
We have too many generals.
Now when these people were there, is that the period of time and what's the, um, as we say, general conversation just like?
Yes, that's your own my recollection.
Was it after they left that the subject had done a lot and came up?
I think it was.
You think that was the case?
Now it's been there.
Now you're a guest.
I don't know.
Your testimony was.
That's the guest from the Senator.
Touched off a monologue from Mr. Cone.
Uh, yes.
Now I don't know whether it's immediately Mr. Cone, uh, I got the floor but it's a monologue followed this.
Well, I think I'm quoting you directly when I say you testified yesterday.
You touched it off.
All right.
Oh, oh, oh.
And that indicates does it not to you and to me that that was an immediate reaction on the part of it with Cone.
Uh, yes.
Yes.
Uh, oh, oh.
Go on, boss.
And that was after these other persons had left, Dr. Wray.
Now it's my recollection after that last.
Yes.
You're not too sure?
Uh, I wouldn't state that a positive ring of the.
You wouldn't.
You're not too sure?
Uh, I just wouldn't state positively.
I'm pretty sure.
All right.
Now how long were you in the restaurant?
Uh, I don't know.
The usual time has takes these lunch.
Uh, no, it's still Mr. Adam's been through a couple of trains.
Is it not?
Uh, he said he did.
I'm not sure.
You're not in the position to deny it, are you?
Oh, I wouldn't.
I was one who wouldn't deny it, of course.
How long do you think you were there?
Oh, I would say.
Uh, I don't really know, probably an hour, 45 minutes.
Uh, maybe a little bit.
There are just two hours.
Uh, it might have been.
I don't think so, but it could have been.
I'm not sure.
Well, an hour, 45 minutes is what you believe it was.
Uh, I'm not really not sure enough.
Did this model all continue throughout the duration of the lunch?
Uh, well,
it's my recollection that it continued.
Uh, perhaps somebody got a word in once in a while.
Uh, but, uh, pretty much, uh, yes, pretty much.
And did it continue from the rise up town to Mr. Adam's got out of the car?
Well, no, there, I'm not sure that it was, uh, only Mr. Cohn who was talking.
I think the Senator may have said something.
Uh, I think I may have said something.
This is the first time you have served Mr. Cohn to take the floor on a question of general law, isn't it?
Uh, I'm not sure this is the first time I've had a servant take the floor.
So I've heard him take the floor on the, on the subject of, uh, possible reprisals against the person who has helped the committee.
Uh, we have had, uh, eight had instances about before and other investigations conducted.
Well, this whole matter has been gone over before and the end of November had it not.
Now, what whole matter is that?
The question of general law.
Uh, the question of general law, uh, came up to my first knowledge, uh, concerning, uh, any action of possible action.
The concerning law, it came up, uh, in November around Thanksgiving time.
Yes.
And didn't you learn that he had been required to submit a written report to the secretary?
Uh, I didn't learn that, uh, no, not a fact.
He didn't learn that.
He didn't learn that that report was stated in November 25th?
No, I don't think I learned that.
He didn't learn that the secretary accepted that report.
No, sir, I don't think I learned that.
Now, you testified, there was a monologue and I guess a rather animated one.
Well, I've carried it through lunch and perhaps far as it arrived.
Well, uh, I was, no, I think I testified that, uh, although, uh, undoubtedly some interruptions,
but, uh, all on the same subject.
Uh, yes, on the same subject.
All on the same subject.
I'm sorry, I probably am.
And that the only question about shine was an attempted interruption by Mr. Adams.
That's my recollection, yes.
Well, do you want to state positive, sir, that that is what happened?
That, uh, that the only talk about shine was this, uh, this, uh, attempt on Mr. Adams to bring it into the conversation.
Uh, I think that I could say, uh, that that's the only, only mention of shine that was, uh, made that, that day.
You say positively.
When you say positively, I'm not sure that I would want to say that to, uh, somebody who might have, uh, mentioned him, uh, might have said something,
but I'm, I'm pretty sure that's the only time.
You're pretty sure?
Yes.
You have no reservations about that.
No, sir.
Well, now what time was it when you left the Senator out at the Waldorf historic?
I don't know, was it, was it following the lunch?
Hey, it's probably 20 minutes for driver's term, maybe 25.
I don't know what time was it.
Uh, I don't know, it's the middle of the afternoon, sometimes.
And you got out and I guess the Senator got out and Mr. Cohn got out.
No, it's already called, uh, the Senator got out.
Uh, I continued uptown with Mr. Cohn.
Uh, where did you go?
He dropped me further uptown.
Where did you go?
Mr. Cohn was making a speech as I recall.
All right.
Uh, uh, another speech.
Uh, that, uh, that afternoon, at some high school, uh, up in the Bronx, I drove up with him, uh, I think, I think that, uh, following the speech, I went somewhere and I met him later.
I met him again, that night.
You went with Mr. Cohn to this high school up in the Bronx, is that right?
Yes.
And, uh, that speech, uh, was delivered and then you went someplace with him for a supper?
No, I, I think I left him.
If I recall, I think I went to Christmas shop.
Christmas shop?
I think so.
Did you know that the Senator was going on a trip that afternoon?
Yes, I did.
And he took the plane out, uh, and went for a several days.
Uh, yes.
You know what, tell me that?
No, but he went, he went to, uh, uh, Chicago, I think.
You know what time he was supposed to leave?
No, I really don't.
You know what time he checked out of the hotel?
No, I don't.
You testified yesterday that the Senator called you on the telephone to talk with you about time.
You recall?
I think I testified yesterday that I called the Senator on the phone and I now recall that, uh, I called the Senator from up in the Bronx on the telephone about, uh,
other matters, uh, one matter being, uh, uh, for my information, how long he was going to be out of town and things like that.
And, uh, what made you call him there?
Why did you ask him when you were writing up town, Mr. Carr?
Well, uh, I just can't answer that.
I don't know.
He just don't know.
He just suddenly spucked you, Mr. Carr.
If you better find out about Mr. Shine, is that right?
Uh, I don't know.
I just can't tell you, Mr. Carr.
You just can't tell me.
Do you have a phone?
No, I mean, Mr. Shine.
Call them and they better repeat the question.
I've got you, what made me call Senator McCrawff at that time.
That's right.
You can get to talk to him about five times.
Or would you repeat the question?
No, we have to.
We have to.
We have to repeat the question to him, please.
Yes.
The question is, what suddenly struck you, Mr. Carr?
You better find out about Mr. Shine, is that right?
No.
Nothing.
But what was it made you call Senator?
Certainly after you left him off the whole town.
You've been with him all the whole new time, haven't you?
Well, I read at this point, I really can't say.
We have that.
What else I could say?
Well, is that, uh, I probably forgot about something that I should have talked to him about.
And that was Private Shine.
No, it wasn't, sir.
Well, that's what you talked with him about on the telephone when you called him from the Bronx.
That's one of the things we talked about.
And as I testified yesterday, I believe it was a Senator who mentioned Shine's name to me.
What were the other subjects you talked about?
You may answer the question time he's fired.
Yes.
The one subject that I recall was the length of time that Senator McCawffy was the out of town.
And I believe there was something about the report.
That's about all.
I'm sure there was something else.
Daniel, you said something so good about it.
You have Dr. Chairman, my announce.
The next session of the hearings will be at 2 p.m.
Now, boys and girls, they should start the conversation with Boarding.
Mayor, please come to our office.
I'd like to welcome, I guess we have come to the committee to see one of the closing sessions of the committee hearings we hope.
In all, again, we're happy to have you here to watch your conversation.
And the Chair wants to remind you of the standing rules of the committee,
which is to forbid any audible manifestations of approval,
any applause, any other audible manifestations.
I have asked if the uniform members of the act report themselves while here.
They take extra precautions today.
And that's being trained close people scattered in the audience among you.
Also carry out the admonition of the committee today to remove immediately from the room.
Anyone who in any way violates the standing order of the committee.
We welcome you, as I get.
We expect you, of course, and assume that you will,
comply with the rules of the committee.
If for any reason you'd be left to violate them, and they're escorted from the room,
it is virtually as you're on invitation.
By understanding, I'm sure,
that when you continue to have the splendid cooperation,
which has marked these proceedings throughout,
with what a very few gift of it.
As we concluded this morning, Mr. Welch,
I'll make sure that you have just eliminated 10 minutes go round.
Am I correct? Very well.
So, we'll start now.
Mr. Poo, it has any questions?
I have.
I, sir.
On the behalf of the column, I'll go through the comments floor.
I just want to introduce you.
Any of the senators on our left, any questions?
Or to my right?
If not, Mr. Croner, I'll send them a call to any questions.
If not, Mr. Welch, I'll make sure that you have some questions.
Mr. Croner.
You will receive them in your direct testimony that some question was raised concerning some telephone calls,
or a telephone call made by you to stop the codeus of the stratum, do you call that?
Yes, sir.
Now, I believe your testimony was,
that was primarily, those calls were primarily dealing with general law.
That's right.
I think my testimony was that I recall one call, and that was dealing with general law.
Yes.
Are you able to fix the dates of the call?
No, I think it was the one on the 20th, however.
I'm not sure.
Now, this was during the period that you were running down the rumors with respect to private charge with the doctor's testimony.
Mr. Croner.
No, I don't think so.
Well, you recall you have a member after my infancy, the 21st, is it?
Yes, sir.
And you're calling the south to codeus on the day before the atom of 20th, wasn't it?
Yes.
So it was during the period that you were running down the rumors, is that right?
I don't think so, but you can feel it.
It's in that little as it is in that period of time.
That's right.
Now, what did you think, Mr. Croner?
Mr. Croner, the atoms were going to be able to do about general law from out of the south to codeus.
I didn't call Mr. Adams, as I recall it, to find out what he was going to do about the bottom of the wellers in south to codeus.
But what was your conversation with Mr. Adams as you say was about general law?
Well, I don't recall the entire conversation.
Well, the best.
I would give it to the best member, isn't it?
Right.
I recall that I called General Lawton, excuse me.
I called Mr. Adams to find out if any action was going to be any immediate action was going to be taken concerning general lawton.
Do you mean to say that after the monologue on the 17th, there was any question about any action being taken about general lawton?
Well, I don't know what the Army might have done.
Well, on the 24th of November, the question had been raised.
That is not?
Yes, sir.
I think it has.
General Lawton wasn't relieved then, was it?
No, sir.
And you say it was raised again on the 17th of December?
Yes, sir. General Lawton wasn't relieved then, was it?
No, sir.
What a good thing, Mr. Adams, knew out in south to codeus that could be of help to you about general lawton.
Well, at this point, I don't know what Mr. Adams might have known, uh, why was it in south to codeus?
You don't think that's our way just for pure curiosity, do you?
I know, sir.
I can explain why I made the call.
Well, would you please?
Yes.
Mr. Collins requested me to find out from John Adams what, when, what and when, uh, an act any action on this removal of lawton would take place.
If it would take place immediately, uh, at this point, I don't recall whether it was concerning the next few days.
Or whether I immediately met, uh, within a period of hours or a period of a week.
Uh, Mr. Adams was in south to codeus.
Uh, in order to find out, I called him out there.
What did Mr. Adams say to you?
Had I recall, he said that he didn't think any action would be taken immediately.
Uh, I, that's my request.
Mr. Adams told you that, writing back on the train on the 25th of November.
Did he miss the car?
Uh, yes, but this is now December, and a question came up again, uh, at least on the 17th.
Right, sir.
So Mr. Adams said he didn't know anything about it.
There it is.
No.
Uh, Mr. Adams said that he was, uh, uh, I don't.
I'm not recalling it specifically enough to say that he said that he would not be removed immediately or within the next few days.
Well, whether or not he said that, uh, you know, he said what's definitely missed, that he, uh, will or he won't be, uh, within a matter of time.
I know that he told me that he did not think, uh, he would be removed, whether he made it real positive, I don't know.
Was the name shine mentioned at all?
I don't recall that it was.
Would you say definitely whether or not it was?
Uh, I think that I could say definitely that it wasn't.
My best recollection is that it wasn't.
Uh, I, I'm almost positive it wasn't.
Well, now it's a telephone record show that you've in fact made two calls without the code.
And would you say that you made two calls about General Law?
I, I'd say that yes.
You recall the second telephone conversation?
Not at all.
I recall the telephone conversation itself.
I believe it's correct.
The record show is one on the 23rd of December as well.
That's what I understand.
You have no memory of that one, though.
I recall, uh, well, it may be the one on the 23rd that I remember.
It means you know, one on the second, one telephone conversation.
You don't recall the second one at all?
No, I don't.
But it has been that you thought about shine on the second one?
Uh, I don't think so. I think it would be called.
Well, you don't remember it, do you?
I don't remember.
So you don't know what the set do?
Not sure.
Now let's move into January.
Do you recall the date when the Royal divorce
your first call?
I think it was January 18th.
I think that's correct.
On January 17th, Mr. Coleman and Florida.
I think so.
You're going down this that day of the day, three, you said, you know?
Uh, I'm not sure.
We haven't been there very long.
I don't think you had no.
I'm not sure.
I think there was a conversation in New York in his office about which there's a school of 1414, that's right.
You have any ideas and strike that?
Mr. Cullen returned on the day that the Lord of Florida called, you know?
Uh, he was here when, on the 19th, I believe, uh, the day that Mr. Adams came in.
That's right.
As a matter of fact, he came in the evening of the 18th.
Uh, I think that's probably true.
You know why he came back for certainly?
I guess, I think I do.
Well, perhaps you should tell us.
All right.
Uh, he came back in connection with one of the reports.
Uh, I believe it was the voice of America reports, which was the last one of the series that we were pointing out during the periods from, I think.
Uh, the last week in December, right up to the middle of late January.
This is one day's sharing work done.
Uh, yes, yes.
Day's sharing was in 4 to 2, was he?
Uh, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know.
You what?
Yes, I do.
Day's sharing didn't come back, did he?
No sir.
Mr. Cullen came back.
Yes.
Was there something wrong with the report?
Uh, something wrong with the report?
Yes, that's rather strange to me, Mr. Cullen would go down the floor if her day was doing it, and suddenly get back here for a report.
Was there something wrong with her?
Well, first, the first part of the question, uh, I don't think it's strange that Mr. Cullen would go to the part of her day or two.
Uh, the second part of the question, uh, is there a fair about it?
I'm sorry, that's all right.
The second, now I just want to explain that.
Sure.
The second, the second portion that, uh, has very cold, and this is a recollection.
Mr. Cullen had given me, uh, somebody on the staff, I think it was me, uh, an outline of the final part of this last report.
This was, uh, this was in as far as I was concerned.
Now, he asked that one of the staff members, uh, write it, and fill it in, uh, and get it ready.
Now, uh, as I recall it, he telephoned from down in Florida with some, uh, dictation on that.
I think, uh, I don't know who this is, I think this is just to tell you that it's one of the girls in the office.
Uh, it didn't go over very well on the, uh, telephone.
He didn't like what had been done.
Uh, he said he'd come back up in front of the shootout.
This was a report, uh, again, Mr. Shine was working.
Mr. Shine had worked on Mr. Cullen.
Mr. Shine didn't do the dictating over the telephone.
Well, Mr. Cullen did that.
Well, the first thing that happened, uh, for Mr. Cullen's return, was the call for the voter board, Mr. Cullen.
Well, now that I think the call had been made for the Lively board for shooting dead, what day was that?
Uh, the 18th.
Well, that's the 19th.
How odd.
All right.
Mr. Adams, uh, actually a third of the 19th?
I think the 19th.
The afternoon of the 19th.
Uh, the 19th, I'm not sure, I'm only here.
I'm having a decline, uh, the good.
Uh, the chair was out for any questions, and the time they used to know of.
And my right?
From the coffee, Mr. Cullen?
Cullen.
Cullen?
Uh, proceed, Mr. Cullen.
I have a ten minutes.
Did you have any thoughts?
I think just to set the record straight, my information is that the Lively board, they're actually called on the 19th of January.
Would you like to check that out?
Um, yes.
The 19th of the day, Mr. Adams came in, and you're right, it was in the afternoon.
That's right, and he was received the call the morning of the New Yorkers.
Uh, I think that's true.
Uh, in the morning, or maybe the afternoon before.
Uh, did you talk to Mr. Cullen about the prospect of calling the Lively board when he returned from Florida?
Uh, no, I don't think I did.
Did you do that on your own, or did you receive the call?
Uh, to call the Lively board.
Uh, instructions from Senator McCaw.
I see.
You've been discussing with him.
Senator McCaw, here.
Yes, sir.
When did you first discuss with him?
Uh, I think, uh...
Well, when did I first discuss calling the Lively?
Well, I think that's very bad.
About this time, when did you first take the Lively?
He can actually was calling them for this historic time.
That's right.
Uh, I think it was on the 18th.
I think it was the 18th.
What was the circumstance, sir?
I don't recall exactly, but, uh, I'm sorry, Paul, the Senator said that he thought it was time we started getting in.
Uh, some of the members of the Lively board.
Uh, we talked about the situation, and he told me to call John Adams and see, uh, if it were possible to bring in some of the people who were actually here in Washington, uh, before the Lively board.
Was it kind of clear that if you know, sir, that the Chief Council, Mr. Cohn, would take part in these years?
Uh, no, as it was.
That is, he was not too far-disappointed. You would have run it as a benefit.
Well, I wouldn't say that, uh, that he was not to take part. It wasn't, it wasn't commonplace that he would or he wouldn't.
Uh, the Senator was, uh, was going to be present, and I was going to be present. I made the arrangement with Mr. Adams.
Well, there's Mr. Cohn ever missed some of the hearings in, uh, that I conducted by the 70-minute.
Yes, he does.
Now, I'd like to take up with you, sir, and the questions about your telephone call, with the monitor, I think, to the R&D director.
Do you have copy of them? Uh, yes, sir.
Yes, sir.
Uh, I have made, uh, I over looked one thing I would ask you about before we get to that.
Your recall, the circumstances of the meeting of the 14th of January in which Mr. Adams testified that Mr. Cohn made remarks about wrecking the Army, and you and Mr. Cohn testified that, uh, that didn't happen in the call-out?
Uh, yes, sir.
Were you present at all times during the conference, Mr. Cohn?
This is a 14th? Yes.
Uh, no, I think, uh, I think I've testified that during the first part of the conference I was, uh, in and out of the room once and so.
I think your testimony was, you weren't there for the beginning. I think that's it.
Well, now, how long did the conference take place in so far, in new private space?
I, I, I read.